Project Title:
Rock Paper Scissors Showdown

Team:
Benjamin Ibarra, Sagar Kothari

Project Objective:
The objective is to make a multiplayer version of Rock, Paper, Scissors, where multiple clients can connect to a server. The game will be turn based. The server will handle the communcation, schronizing of turns, and who the winner is.

Scope:
Inclusions:
We need the logic for a turn based Rock Paper Scissors game
We need a server that can connect and manange multiple clients
Handle the communication between the server and clients for payer moves
Make sure the game works with a lot of rounds and synchronization
Buttons so the clients can interact with the game
Exclusions:
Ai opponent or single player mode
Expansion ogf game like tournament style
Deliverables:
A working python script for a server that can manage multiple clients.  Client script that connects to a server and allows the player to input moves. 
Timeline:
Key Milestones:
Week 1: Setup a server and client communication
Week 2: Create the game logic and server setup
Week 3: Create the client side and server client interaction
Week 4: Testing with a lot of clients
Week 5: Final tweeks and bug fixes
Task Breakdown:
Each of us will meet together every week, maybe multiple times a week, to work on each task that needs to be completed. 
Technical Requirements:
Hardware:
Multiple computers, or lab computers.
Software:
We're gonna use python and libararies like socket and threading. We will use vs code to run everything.
Assumptions:
Players can install python and run scripts on their computers. The server can handle multiple client connections. Everyone can connect to the server.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Since its only the two of us we will probably assume all roles together. We've worked in groups before and we mainly just do split it up evenly so not just one person is doing everything. Testing will be done through friends and family. 
Communication Plan:
We will meet in the library twice a week to complete tasks. We have eachothers social medias and phone numbers just in case we need to do stuff at home.
Additional Notes:
[Include any other relevant information or considerations that are specific to your project.]
